now un Chief Antonio gues has called on
donor states to guarantee the continued
operation of the un's agency for
Palestinian refugees key contributors
including the US Germany and UK halted
funding for the unra agency after Israel
said 12 staffers took part in hamas's
October 7th terrorist attacks in Israel
now unr's head has warned that suspended
funding could threaten the lives of
those who depend on the agency for
survival in the midst of a deepening
humanitarian crisis in
racing to get a suck of
flow now a precious commodity in
Gaza these men are a few of the lucky
ones who managed to get
one others were less
fortunate this is the amount I got
today this is for seven
people look at how little this is
it's a rare day in Gaza City very few
eight trucks make it to the heart of the
Strip This one operated by the main UN
agency in Gaza was emptied in
minutes some people got three bags of
flour and some got four and I didn't get
any I have three children and I don't
know how I'm going to feed
them the situation could get even worse
several countries have temporarily paed
their funding to unra the United Nations
Aid Agency for
Palestinians that's after Israel accused
some of its staff of being involved in
hamas's attacks on October
7th unra has fired several employees in
the wake of the allegations details of
which have not been made
public the agency has opened an
investigation and urged countries to
keep the funding flowing
there
are hundreds and hundreds and hundreds
of thousands of people in Gaza who uh
rely on on humanitarian work who rely on
humanitarian assistance even more now
than they did uh before it is the work
that Ana uh does uh remains critical uh
today and as heavy rains and winter
storms lash the strip a further
disruption in Aid could have cat
atrophic
consequences